feature/ added doc for new cache behavior (#242)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/core/entities/data-node-mgt.md

-   _**id**_: The unique identifier of this data node.
-   _**name**_: The user-readable name of the data node.
-   _**owner_id**_: The identifier of the owner (pipeline_id, scenario_id, cycle_id) or `None`.
-   _**last_edit_date**_: The date and time of the last modification either by Taipy execution or

>     an external factor.

Reviewer: external... process?
Factor sounds awkward to me.

Author: @FabienLelaquais meaning the modification can be done by anyone, users or another script, etc. so I'm not sure process is the right one here

Reviewer: I understand, sure.
If you feel comfortable with factor, please go ahead. I don't, but nothing better to propose though.

Reviewer 2: a third-party component.

Author: @jrobinAV 
I'm not sure because a user can directly make changes to the file, and I think component doesn't cover it

Reviewer 2: Right

> -   _**last_edit_date**_: The date and time of the last modification either by Taipy execution or
>     an external factor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   _**last_edit_date**_: The date and time of the last data modification made through Taipy. 
    Note that **only** for file-based data nodes (CSV, Excel, pickle, JSON, ...), the file's last modification date is used to compute the _**last_edit_date**_ value. That means if a file is modified manually or by an external process, the _**last_edit_date**_ value is automatically updated within Taipy.
```
